-   Attending
    -   Diego
    -   Chris
    -   Julian
-   [for reference] [Versioning
     scheme](https://drive.google.com/a/libscie.org/open?id=1Hp4gIUVNePO33lGcYeK8dOwY6EZWCQrL7XrURIILslg)
-   General announcements
    -   Weâ€™ll continue working together as a team after November :)
    -   Julian is joining the team full-time per 01.12.2019, pending all
         the contracts
    -   Patch, our new designer, is joining the team full-time
         09.12.2019, pending all the contracts
    -   We will continue working with Diego on a project base for at
         least through March, pending the contracts
    -   During this time, sdk should stabilize and most of the work will
         start focusing on the ðŸ‘‰DesktopðŸ‘ˆ
-   [`@p2pcommons/specs`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs)
    -   Linking back to last week:
        -   Profile requires license, checked and verified
        -   Spec could be a name/value pair with
             `https://p2pcommons.com/specs/module/0.1.5`? Having a
             separate `p2pcommons: {}` makes less sense at the moment to
             me
            -   JG: adhere to `dat.json` spec
            -   CHJH: Make example `dat.json`s for various proposals
        -   Interoperability â†’ JG will dogfood the documentation and see
            whether we can work from that
        -   DP: add notes to working-group â†’ CHJH
    -   CHJH: Timing of modules? Timestamps?
        -   `Mtime` or `ctime` filesystem dependent, not original
        -   JG: Computer clocks might be off. Synchronizing clocks
            across distributed systems :(
            -   Show the user itâ€™s a likely or approximate date
            -   down-the road issue
            -   registry as authority
-   [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js)
    -   Update by Diego
        -   0.2.6 version released!
        -   Bugfix for a setMethod condition
        -   Yays for dogfooding
        -   Added ignore function (?)
        -   Travis windows setup
        -   Maybe use github actions?
    -   Now working on validation of updates â†’ some bugs there to be
        fixed highlighted by Julian
    -   Open pull request for `0.3.0`
    -   CHJH: Should we include in module spec that hyperdrive &gt;10
        needed? Old dats now invalid?
        -   DP: Mention in README :)
        -   JG: More than mention it in the spec. Latest version now
            might not be in the old one. Might make sense to also add
            spec version link in the json so they can find the
            relevant info. Maybe combine with license link
    -   DP: next call â†’ necessity for daemon or where should it be?
        -   Not urgent
        -   IRC: Ranger â†” maya (?) talking about daemon. Maybe DP should
            ping?
        -   JG: Make our daemon part of the discussion, we have funding,
            be part of that.
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/cli`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/cli)
    -   Update by Julian
        -   Subtype PR WIP :) Was blocked by SDK
        -   Now integrating `sdk-js` `0.2.6` to unblock
        -   SDK specific to spec only functionality, all the rest for
             cli etc
       -   testing on windows but waiting on graphics card #6 for
            windows box to work again
        -   New release: Subtype editing, windows editing
        -   Chris test removing `~/.p2pcommons` on windows and try
    -   Linking back to last week
        -   CHJH: Collect first ten of Wikidata things â†’ cli issues
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
    -   Update by Julian
