-   Attending
    - Julian Gruber [@juliangruber](https://twitter.com/juliangruber)
    - Diego Paez [@carax](https://twitter.com/carax)
    - James Lomas [@jameslibscie](https://github.com/jameslibscie)
    - Patch Sobrak-Seaton [@psobrakseaton](https://twitter.com/psobrakseaton)
    - Lisa Hehnke [@lhehnke](https://www.dataplanes.org)
-   Highlights
-   General announcements
    - Chris is - right now - giving a p2pcommons & Hypergraph demo!
-   [`@p2pcommons/specs`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs)
    - Update by James
        - [`v0.2.4` now released](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs/blob/master/module.md) with updated wording regarding uniqueness in arrays
        - [New finding regarding whitespace around a title](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs/issues/28)
            - What constitutes an empty title?
            - How should the length be calculated?
        - No progress on [text spec](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs/pull/17) or [draft parents](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs/issues/27) issues
        - We need to make some decisions regarding terminology like `Dat archive` and `publish`
    - Questions
-   [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js)
    - Update by Diego
        - Check modules `mtime` on sdk `ready`
        - Add missing check for `main` file when publishing
        - refactor clone method into smaller functions
        - New releases: 0.5.7
        - Just added a call to `unpublished` when the user call `delete`
        - Final work on trim title (related to specs improvement)
        - Planning to get back with the daemon integration this week.
    - Questions
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/cli`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/cli)
    - Update by Julian
        - Bump wikidata-identifiers to add new subtype "Procedure"
    - Questions
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
    - Update by Patch
        - Moving from app design to web design this week.
        - We need to revisit topics weâ€™ve learned from the creation of the demo with the next product meeting.
    - Update by Julian
        - Bump wikidata-identifiers to add new subtype "Procedure"
        - Remove display of module version
        - Create: Add upload info text
        - Create: Fix sometimes too low scroll position
        - Create: Update select element design
        - Update design of File elements (overflow, max-width)
        - Content: Move "Export .zip" & "Open folder" buttons to header
        - Content: Fix deleting a published module
        - Content: Update design
        - Content: Fix back arrow history handling
        - Button: Remove :focus outline for a more native feel
        - Welcome: Update designs
        - Add TitleInput that validates 0/300 characters
        - Add global error handling dialog
        - Refactor using `rem` design units
    - Q / JL: What shall we do with the two `parents` branches? Merge the demo 
-   Product management
    - Update by James
        - Created [`CONTRIBUTING.md` proposal](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js/pull/143) for SDK
            - I still need to respond to some comments.
            - Up next: CLI, Daemon, Desktop
        - [Glossary proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DxOwBVQrrXNCMWZK4Fgc9-adqgA60jYJrDO4w113MXY/edit) up for all to contribute to. Will need some decisions to be made before it can be published.
        - Made a system for organising test notes
            - Going to see if the document can be shared with everyone
            - In any case these should become part of the process
        - Plan retrospective, mostly for Hypergraph
            - Will put a document online to contribute pain points and suggestions for improvements
        - For now, some small updates to process:
            - New labels for `tech` and `cosmetic` on applicable repos
            - No more "Workflow" checkboxes for now. These three possibilities:
                - `design` -> `code`
                - `code`
                - `task`
            - Review requested on all Hypergraph issues created by me
            - This was already implemented, but not clearly communicated. My apologies!
            - Suggestion: Clear up `Done` column after each dev meeting
        - Want to update `README.md`, esp. for Hypergraph (requested by Chris)
        - Want to update the Bug Report templates following Julian's improvements to the Desktop one
        - Going to (finally) start planning the first external user tests
    - Questions
- Roundabout
