-   Attending
    - Patch Sobrak-Seaton [@psobrakseaton](twitter.com/psobrakseaton)
    - Julian Gruber [@juliangruber](https://twitter.com/juliangruber)
    - Diego Paez [@carax](https://twitter.com/carax)
    - Chris Hartgerink [@chartgerink](https://twitter.com/chartgerink)
    - James Lomas
-   [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js)
    - Update by Diego
      - Debugging SDK using two instances of the SDKs
      - switching how we're managing hyperdrives. Currently we are moving to using only one [corestore](https://github.com/andrewosh/corestore) with multiple `namespaces` and leaving behind passing the keypair ({publicKey, secretKey}).
      - New pull request upcoming which implements a lot of debugging work
    - Questions
      - JL: Are the networking issues now solved?
      	 - we can now download content so yea it is solved once implemented downstream
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
    - Update by Patch
      - Working on improving handoff process for design-implementation
      	- Figma has specific issues, started looking into optimisation process
	- Tried out [Framer](https://www.framer.com/)
	- Creating a technical design system
	- Next week version 1 to start building, potentially
    - Questions
      - JG: Can we do user testing?
      	- Yes :) We could do some user interviews in the next weeks as well.
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/vault`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/vault)
    - Update by Julian
      - Deployment is becoming more stable
      	- Stripe webhook is setup and configured
	- Authentication is implemented with magic links
	- Next steps:
	  - Stripe forms
	  - Basic server side templating
- General announcements
    - JL: Working on updating some of the findings in the [business-plan on separate branch](https://github.com/libscie/business-plan/tree/james-vision). Will be inviting for comments.
   
