-   Attending
    - Julian Gruber [@juliangruber](https://twitter.com/juliangruber)
    - Diego Paez [@carax](https://twitter.com/carax)
    - Chris Hartgerink [@chartgerink](https://twitter.com/chartgerink)
    - James Lomas [@jameslibscie](https://github.com/jameslibscie)
    - Patch Sobrak-Seaton [@psobrakseaton](https://twitter.com/psobrakseaton)
-   General announcements
    - James is leading these meetings from now on. The general structure will stay the same
    - The Dat Project has released [v1.0.0 of their sdk](https://github.com/datproject/sdk/releases)
        - Some deprecations and new features
        - Does not directly affect us as we use v2
-   [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js)
    - Update by Diego
        - Finishing the migration to latest hyperdrive and corestore version
        - Getting some help from Andrew (hyperdivision)
        - Planning to wrap up and release a new version of the sdk, v0.4.0 on Friday (24/01)
        - Added settings.json support. See [PR](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js/pull/65)
        - Trying to fix issue found by Julian using multiple instances of the sdk when losing previous hyperdrives. Solution is to store the hyperdrives in local DB
        - Looking into restoring previously created hyperdrives. If the user re-opens the app we need to be able to read the old drives again, not only the modules
        - Also need to remove the keyPair option from the hyperdrive creation and rely only on namespaces
        - Created a small example where I can test/play with this before moving to the sdk
    - Questions
        - James: Does the SDK distinguish between different ways of editing metadata in any way? Or is it just a json overwrite of the metadata that gets validated? Walk through roadmap feature list...
            - Answer: Yes
        - Chris: Roadmap?
            - Answer: If 0.4 works, work can proceed to 0.5 with delete functionality
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/cli`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/cli)
    - Update by Julian
        - Updating to SDK 0.4.0 is a WIP, Diego is debugging an issue
            - Found through the cli's test suite, so easy to verify when it's fixed
        - Will be more CLI updates when the Vault is ready
    - Questions
        - James: can we currently select a parent module for a content module? Couldn't find that feature...
            - Answer: No
        - James: To what extent do we need / would we like to have CLI implementations *before* desktop implementations?
            - Answer: CLI first is preferred. CLI should be fully-featured, power user tool
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
    - Update by Patch
        - Creating a clickthrough from the flow and features James and I created.
        - Will be finished and shared internally this week.
        - Should be shown to 1-2 outside testers after several quick internal iterations.
        - We need to discuss and formulate a plan/script for testing with people who are not immediately familiar with our project and product
            - @jameslibsie should plan 
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/vault`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/vault)
    - Update by Julian
        - Removed all mentions of the domain, as legalities need to be figured out still
        - CC is requested upon first payment, rather than on registration
        - Create basic API in preparation for the Worker
        - Create basic Worker that will fetch modules from the Vault's API and replicate them (currently without any backend like s3)
        - WIP: Deploying the worker to AWS, need to read up on more AWS resources. If this takes too long we might seek a contractor for the initial setup.
        - WIP: Stripe sign up. Meeting today to further discuss the credit card flow
    - Questions
        - James: Who is picking up the legalities?
            - Answer: @chartgerink needs to arrange ToS, Privacy Policy. @juliangruber should supply to @chartgerink what information is currently collected. Not high priority. Official documents ready mid to end March. @jameslibscie will create issue
            - Answer: We will also need imprint for the site (high priority) (@chartgerink says already done - open for review). @chartgerink can churn out data policy for the website
-   Product management
    - Update by James
        - Updated [business plan](https://github.com/libscie/business-plan) with findings from first two weeks
        - Put together feature list for MVP with Chris & Patch. Basic [Roadmap](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/wiki/Roadmap) now live on the [Hypergraph Desktop wiki](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/wiki)
            - Scoped in: Ephemeral project management tool for solo projects
            - Scoped out: Vault, all sharing (networking) and collaboration
            - Workflow: design - clickthrough test - iterate design - potential 2nd clickthrough test - code
        - Planning 1-on-1s with the people I haven't met IRL yet to discuss how we can work together most effectively
        - Next steps:
            - Convert feature list to issues and create GitHub Projects (or similar) board(s) for managing the work
            - Identify SDK, CLI and non-technical issues for work that needs doing prior to these identified Desktop issues
- Roundabout
    - Everybody gets a Chebleader
