-   Attending
    - Julian Gruber [@juliangruber](https://twitter.com/juliangruber)
    - Diego Paez [@carax](https://twitter.com/carax)
    - Chris Hartgerink [@chartgerink](https://twitter.com/chartgerink)
    - James Lomas [@jameslibscie](https://github.com/jameslibscie)
    - Patch Sobrak-Seaton [@psobrakseaton](https://twitter.com/psobrakseaton)
    - Lisa Hehnke [@lhehnke](https://www.dataplanes.org)
-   Highlights
-   About this meeting
    - Last week we questioned whether the current meeting format is effective
    - What do people currently get out of this meeting?
    - What are people currently missing in this meeting?
-   General announcements
    - IF RELEVANT Updated order so Patch doesn't have to join for the whole meeting
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
    - Update by Patch
    - Update by Julian
    - Q / JL: Merge the [expand parent](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/pull/51) PR now?
    - Q / JL: Close the [Shorten file names](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop/issues/56) issue?
-   [`@p2pcommons/specs`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs)
    - Update by James
        - No progress on [whitespace](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs/issues/28), [text spec](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs/pull/17) or [draft parents](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs/issues/27) issues
        - Terminology meeting planned regarding use of `Dat archive` and `publish`
    - Questions
-   [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js)
    - Update by Diego
        - Continue with the integration between hyperdrive-daemon and our SDK. Have to launch a daemon instance from the sdk and then the client, also adjusting some values returned from the new remote hyperdrive. Seems to be working, at least for some basic tests, but I need to improve the startup setup (daemon launch) because tests are hanging (they doesn't end)
        - Also did some repo maintenance work, merging some PR and preparing others.
        - Thanks to Julian now we have merged a good looking contributing doc.
        - Going to continue with integration work these days and prepare a new release soon with some open PRs.
    - JL: Julian suggested [standard linter](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js/issues/151). Should we add that?
    - Questions
-   Product management
    - Update by James
        - Hosted Hypergraph Retrospective. Results will be documented and shared very soon for a final round of feedback
        - Set up `CONTRIBUTING.md` proposal for `sdk-js`, will do so soon for other products
        - Updated `README.md` for `cli` and Desktop
        - User testing invitation is now ready to send out
    - Questions
- Roundabout
