-   Attending
    - Julian Gruber [@juliangruber](https://twitter.com/juliangruber)
    - Diego Paez [@carax](https://twitter.com/carax)
    - Chris Hartgerink [@chartgerink](https://twitter.com/chartgerink)
    - James Lomas [@jameslibscie](https://github.com/jameslibscie)
    - Patch Sobrak-Seaton [@psobrakseaton](https://twitter.com/psobrakseaton)
-   General announcements
-   [`@p2pcommons/specs`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs)
    - Update by James
        - Discussions regarding uniqueness and self-referencing
            - `follows` must not self-reference
            - `parents` must not self-reference the current version
            - `authors`, `parents`, `follows` and `contents` must not contain duplicates
            - `follows`, `contents` and `parents` may still reference multiple versions of the same module (no change)
    - Questions
-   [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js)
    - Update by Diego
        - Been working on clone method 
        - Updated some external deps 
            - Debugging networking issues related to closing swarm
            - Created a fork and made a PR to `corestore-swarm-networking` with closing swarm improvements
        - Added cancel clone feature
        - Released SDK v0.5.1
            - Currently working on formalising release method and adding a Changelog file to the project.
    - Questions
        - James: Let's say someone publishes version 10 of a content module to their profile. Later new versions are created.
        Can someone access those versions by just upping the version number in the link? Or are only `valid` / verified modules seeded?
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/cli`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/cli)
    - Update by Julian
    - Update by James
        - Lots of testing on Windows - making Julian's life harder by creating lots of new issues
    - Questions
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
    - Update by Patch
        - Small clickthrough changes
        - Tomorrow Julian and I have a dev handoff meeting and he is going to start building
    - Update by Julian
    - Questions
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/editor`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/editor)
    - Update by Julian
    - Questions
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/vault`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/vault)
    - Update by Chris
    - Questions
-   Product management
    - Update by James
        - Testing - external vs internal
    - Questions
- Roundabout
