-   Attending
    - Julian Gruber [@juliangruber](https://twitter.com/juliangruber)
    - Diego Paez [@carax](https://twitter.com/carax)
    - James Lomas [@jameslibscie](https://github.com/jameslibscie)
    - Patch Sobrak-Seaton [@psobrakseaton](https://twitter.com/psobrakseaton)
-   Highlights
    - Done:
        - View profile, create profile, menu and welcome modals in [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
        - [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js) can now verify content by cross-referencing the `authors` field with the profile's `contents`
        - Internal clickthrough tests of the `v0.1.0` designs of [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop) completed
    - In progress:
        - Updating [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js) to latest spec
        - Making the `unfollow` feature more accurate
        - Creating a better process for our design work
    - Up next:
        - Viewing and adding content to [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
        - Compile feedback from internal clickthroughs
        - Trip to Copenhagen to meet with [@hyperdivision](https://github.com/hyperdivision)
-   [`@p2pcommons/specs`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs)
    - Update by James
        - Working on `v0.2.4` to better specify uniqueness of Dat archive keys
    - Discussion regarding terminology:
        - `Dat archive key` is defined as only the 32-bit hash. Therefore something like "combination of Dat archive key and (optionally) version" makes the most sense [ACTION: @jameslibscie updates specs]
-   [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js)
    - Update by Diego
        - Finished `verify` method, this includes updated tests and some fixes
        - Working on updates to modules's spec 0.2.3
            - Set method refactor
            - Add `force` option
            - More validationErrors
        - Working on issue #93 (unfollow specific versions) related to the spec update too
    - Update by James
        - Spoke with Diego about features further down on the roadmap
        - Identified which issues need SDK support
        - Next step: create issues & board for the SDK
    - Questions
        - Suggestion by Julian: Event subscription so we can live-update within the Desktop app when there are changes made outside the app [ACTION: @jameslibscie adds to roadmap]
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
    - Update by Patch
        - Implemented a new stability index for tracking designs in Figma.
        - A system for referencing current designs and a place for future work.
        - Figma commenting is a great way to communicate.
    - Update by James
        - Spoke with Julian about scope for `v0.1.0`
            - We will keep working according to the roadmap / existing issues and to leave new (usability) issues that arise for the next iteration
            - This should give us a product that is probably not great in actual use, but does exactly what is necessary for an early demo and feedback
        - Some changes in process:
            - Issues should spec what is design-only (as the designs may run ahead)
            - In GitHub we're skipping the clickthrough step for current issues
            - Results from clickthroughs and other user testing will result in new issues, rather than scope change on existing issues
        - Re-spec'd some issues:
            - Home -> Workspace
            - Workspace is new default page after the welcome modals
            - Added text for empty Workspace
            - Clarified what is design-only
        - Done 2nd internal clickthrough with LOTS of feedback
            - Will likely have time to finish processing next week
            - Anything I think we should implement without further testing will be created as a new issue for the next milestone
    - Update by Julian
        - Create `@hypergraph-xyz/wikidata-identifiers` module, in order to share content types between Desktop and CLI
        - Implement Menu, Header, View profile, Welcome modals (and a lot of tiny things)
-   General product management
    - Update by James
        - I would like to plan a retrospective to evaluate and improve our work process. After `v0.1.0` and then with every subsequent Desktop release?
- Roundabout
    - James: Out of office this Thursday and Friday. Tomorrow, I will focus on making sure you all have work for the next week. Is there anything you need?
    - Julian & Diego will be traveling to Copenhagen Friday and spend all next week there
