-   Attending
    - Julian Gruber [@juliangruber](https://twitter.com/juliangruber)
    - Diego Paez [@carax](https://twitter.com/carax)
    - Chris Hartgerink [@chartgerink](https://twitter.com/chartgerink)
    - James Lomas [@jameslibscie](https://github.com/jameslibscie)
    - Patch Sobrak-Seaton [@psobrakseaton](https://twitter.com/psobrakseaton)
    - Lisa Hehnke [@lhehnke](https://www.dataplanes.org)
-   Highlights
-   General announcements
-   [`@p2pcommons/specs`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/specs)
    - Discussion surrounding uniqueness wording still ongoing (`0.2.4`)
    - Discussion: Should a parent module have to be published first?
    - Discussion: What file formats should be allowed as a main file?
    - Questions
-   [`@p2pcommons/sdk-js`](https://github.com/p2pcommons/sdk-js)
    - Update by Diego
        - Fix clone method output
        - Added deleteFiles option to delete method
        - Released sdk v0.5.6
        - Working on getting offline data modifications on ready, i.e.: files can be changed when the sdk is not working, it is interesting to "import" those changes on `ready`. This is related to #138.
    - Questions
-   [`@p2pcommons` project board run-through](https://github.com/orgs/p2pcommons/projects/1)
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz/desktop`](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz/desktop)
    - Update by Julian
        - update footer texts
        - footer: hide up arrow if not scrolled
        - menu: go to workspace on logo click
        - buttons: disable while loading, add animation
        - finish most of create screen
        - windows: fix "open folder" opening explorer in background
        - content: update display of authors on unpublished modules
        - content: finish publish/unpublish/delete
        - welcome: fix name missing when going back
        - add create content with parent module
    - Questions
-   [`@hypergraph-xyz` project board run-through](https://github.com/orgs/hypergraph-xyz/projects/2)
-   Product management
    - Update by James
        - Writing up glossary - will go over with Chris tomorrow and then set up as a PR for all to contribute
    - Questions
- Roundabout
